feat: Refactor Cocoa into Apple (#2283)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/getting-started-config/apple.mdx

> Initialize the SDK as soon as possible in your application lifecycle e.g. in your AppDelegate `application:didFinishLaunchingWithOptions` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initialize the SDK as soon as possible in your application lifecycle, such as in your AppDelegate `application:didFinishLaunchingWithOptions` method:
```

```swift
import Sentry // Make sure you import Sentry

// ....

func application(_ application: UIApplication,
    didFinishLaunchingWithOptions launchOptions: [UIApplication.LaunchOptionsKey: Any]?) -> Bool {

    SentrySDK.start { options in
        options.dsn = "___PUBLIC_DSN___"
        options.debug = true // Enabled debug when first installing is always helpful

>         options.enableAutoSessionTracking true // Enable session tracking

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        options.enableAutoSessionTracking = true // Enable session tracking
```
